Instructor, why are you here?
You kid is in danger
We will definitely come to rescue you
But now the world is in chaos
Limited mutants
All this conspiracy
It's all about the Sakura Organization
Luckily I found an MD and a PhD in biology
Ready to develop serum
But it's bound to be difficult along the way
I implore the instructors
Come out and help me
Jiang Fan, you have your mission
We also have our past
I believe without us
You and your friends can also solve the problem
But Xiaoying can only leave the eagle's wings
To truly grow
Throw it to the sky
Jiang Fan, you were handed over by the four of us
I know your ability.
Even without us
You can do it too.
I see.
Thank you, instructors. Come on
Come on.
We are now going to the tea mountain refuge fish